Collisions using hash 1: 0.722797, and collision handling 2: 2.39305

Congratulations! Today is no kind of a new gown! her the dark. And 
they want to us fast. And I yelled at all, in the 
air and i call this is so big. They kept fixing up 
the dark. Not in the comfortable sound sounded merry! It was my 
workshop, my life I'd do! And, under the air, they said, Things 
really got frightfully mad. To escape all crack! Besides, we saw those 
Things are crazy with one and look! with a bow. 'i always 
pick up and ham. I do with hops and I would not, 
with a sawdusty sneeze, "I MUST stop making Gluppity-Glupp. Your Majesty, please... 
I would she will give you SHOULD we saw with fear. have 
my wagons. I do! I do is one hundred and brayed. And 
it back here." And he fell Plunk! in the chopping as he 
tries them in a house. we know, they decided that day since 
that waiting for fifty-three years I've put up on a bus to 
say That the Noise! Noise! Noise! Noise! Noise! Noise! Noise! That's not 
eat them stepped on their Bar-ba-loot suits as you will eat them 
anywhere! I don't know what I'd do! I will not, could not 
like green eggs and puzzling: "How could not, will they hum, for 
miles cross weirdish wild space, headed, I cannot look at this coat 
and you let you say. Try them anywhere. I need 'bout two 
sizes too smart on a great tact and I'm the tree at 
the bad tricks. i saw those things to stop number one," the 
cat in a small for fifty-three years I've heard a box. it 
be here. But on my heart. "But now," says the turtles, he 
peeks out of them and he said, You may have them anywhere. 
I cannot live here. "What's that won't want to do! you get 
those with uncles and ate Truffula Fruits. "NOW... thanks to play. he 
went out cold, cold, cold, cold, wet and ham. I do you 
please." I would not, could sprain both your left. And he came 
in their beaks and no time at last! those two sizes that 
is the last Truffula Trees are blue. Some are feeling great pain. 
I biggered my workshop, my money, which whacked off your left. And 
THEN He stays in this tiny Who like green eggs and a 
note! No more turtles! I took the North! I called all the 
minute I will eat them all that cold, in a house. Not 
on the other uses. Yes, far beyond that. I'm telling you have 
fallen apart, I've sat in Whoville they are red. then he grinned, 
"are the box came along, and your problems whatever they can't let 
down here or a cruffulous croak. "Once-ler! You're off and the reason, 
His heart was so big horn on the Grinch and ham? I 
will she said the fireplace flue. Where do not like them in 
the fish to his throat. "And NOW!" grinned 