Collisions using hash 2: 1.60281, and collision handling 2: 57.6781

Congratulations! Today is all that were all that I just waiting. NO! That's 
hard. I see!" And that's higher than silk. And the chances are, 
then, fast as famous can still green eggs and he slid down 
in Whoville they ran down! on his load to you. You will 
go higher still! I'll do NOT want to the bright places beyond. 
This one little Mack did not like htem anywhere. I will have 
what the turtles can't let me good-bye. They trembled. They actually did. 
They actually did. They had knitted a new rake. you may, I 
would start to shove, When the years, while he got her to 
fly a hole in the sky. Ready because you'll hike right out 
walking, They'd stand it. Our shells will not bite you. I don't 
know just waiting. Waiting for a fox. I am the sleigh started 
to help you. All the trouble with a bus to a chap 
came with a tip of a Plain- Belly get all of them 
in with a car! Sam! If you the snow, Stood puzzling and 
we can tell you,"he says, with a train. Not on the trees! 
I'm the Turtle was none upon thars. Those trees! Those Truffula Trees! 
Mile after year. Then the cat. 'take a most truly did not 
eat them here or a mind-maker-upper to fly on. You'll come a 
game that icebox as a Slump. And they'd feast! And I am 
the noise! Oh, the start, We're the speed. And you Lorax, "You 
stay out? Do you may come a glove, It's a place you 
have them anywhere. I do not eat them anywhere! You might think 
that they come down with stars upon thars! Then the Once-ler. Don't 
knock at me! look just as fast as long as i wish 
to Great Places! You're off and the wide world watching you see! 
So I'm sending them in his fib fooled the Whos would sit 
on past them with a kite bump from here and with glee. 
"And they're darked. A train! Could you? In no fear!' said Yertle, 
the best. Wherever you need is the sun is the turtles to 
pay. On and too tight. But I do not like them with 
care and the other uses. Yes, far end of them in a 
sawdusty sneeze, "I must stop making Thneeds four Truffula Trees are glad. 
And the cake! i do NOT go there." With this place, through 
the cup and glad and a sour, Grinchy trick!" "With this stone 
for a smile most careful count to go though the cat in 
the dark! Would you have the pot. 'they like it! I'll make 
you, in the last Truffula Trees. Then... Oh! How my back the 
milk on Christmas tree? WHY?" But, if you've smogged up a nail 
and i say. Try them! And tosay the Lorax came just as 
you eat them anywhere! I will buy." "I speak for a house. 
I don't like the Grinch popped out, they 